README.md, before:

🌐 Bot-RS

A small project to explore the world of Telegram, Discord, Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), and TikTok bots — through something we all care about: scraping and interacting with social media and weather data.

☀️ Overview

Bot-RS is a cross-platform bot framework that scrapes real-time data from weather services, Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), and TikTok, delivering it to users through stylish and intuitive bots — whether you’re chatting on Telegram or hanging out on Discord.

🤖 Telegram

Built using Teloxide
 — a clean and powerful Rust framework for Telegram bots.

Just type /weather Paris to get your forecast, or /insta @username to scrape recent Instagram posts!

💬 Discord

Powered by Serenity
, one of the most mature Discord bot libraries in Rust.

Get weather updates, recent Instagram posts, the latest trends from X, or the hottest TikToks — all directly in your Discord server with interactive embeds and flair.

🌍 Why this project?

Because bots are fun. And Rust makes them fast, safe, and reliable. Combining weather scraping, social media interactions, and Rust’s performance offers a powerful toolkit for real-time engagement and automation.

Commit message:

refactor(telegram): overhaul media sending concurrency and trait definitions Refactor the `MediaSender` trait to replace `Result` return types with a generic `Output`, allowing flexible result handling. Key changes: - Update `TelegramSender` to process media downloads and sends concurrently using `JoinSet`. - Change `send_medias` to return a collection of individual message results instead of a single result. - Simplify `TelegramBot` command handling and adapt to new sender interface. - Remove unused `BotError::FeatureNotEnabled` and duplicate error macros.
Remove telegram feature on import from main.rs

Add conditional compilation attributes for feature-gated modules

replaced 'X_LINK' env variable with const value

updated Readme.md

Changed twitter module visibility to public (pub mod)

fixed features dependencies

Modified MediaScraper trait

moved X_LINK variable to twitter::config

Changed TwitterScraper struct to an empty enum

tweak scraper link variable management

README.md, after:

## 🌐 Bot-RS

A small project to explore the world of Telegram, Discord, Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), and TikTok bots through something we all care about: scraping and interacting with social media.

## ☀️ Overview

Bot-RS is a cross-platform bot framework that scrapes real-time data from Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), and TikTok, delivering it to users through stylish and intuitive bots — whether you’re chatting on Telegram or hanging out on Discord.

## 🚀 Quick Start

 1. [Download Rust](http://rustup.rs/).
 2. Create a new bot using [@Botfather](https://t.me/botfather) to get a token in the format `123456789:blablabla`.
 3. Initialise the `TELOXIDE_TOKEN` environmental variable to your token:
```bash
export TELOXIDE_TOKEN=your_token
```
 4. Start the bot:
```bash
cargo run
```

## 🕹️ Usage

Once the bot is running, you can interact with it using the following commands:

*   `/help` (aliases: `/h`, `/?`) - Display available commands
*   `/twitter <url>` (alias: `/t`) - Download media from a X (Twitter) post

## 🌍 Why this project?

Because bots are fun. And Rust makes them fast, safe, and reliable. Combining social media interactions, and Rust’s performance offers a powerful toolkit for real-time engagement and automation.

## 🛠️ Built With

*   [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) - Reliability and performance.
*   [Teloxide](https://github.com/teloxide/teloxide) - An idiomatic, full-featured Telegram bot framework.
